ACC - All writing. Not much new material
AFM - Taking measurements with an atomic force microscope
AMI - Taking measurements with an interferometer. Oscilloscope(?)
BRI - Laser with Fabry-Perot. Observe scattering
C3D - Conductivity and current in flat planes or "half-universes"
CHL - Precise holography using computers. Limited write up
CC - Use a cloud chamber to make particle physics measurements
CMP-hc - Measuring heat capacity and checking for phase transitions. Oscilloscope
CMP-ms - Magnetic susceptibility of condensed matter at different temperatures. Oscilloscope
CMP-r - Using a vacuum chamber and cryostat to analyze super conductivity
COMP - Compton effect and scattering. Firing something at objects
DCE - Looking at dominoes falling with photogates. Limited write up
DFR - Firing a laser into something? Oscilloscope
ESR - Measurements with electron spin resonance.
FAR - Looking at the emergence of Faraday waves in a shaker. Oscilloscope
FE - Growing single ferroelectric crystals. Analyze thermal physics and phase transitions
FTIR - Studying climate change related gases using Fourier spectroscopy. No write up
FTS - Fourier transforms with a Michelson interferometer (familiar). No write up.
FVF - The emergence of fractal patterns from the non-linear behaviour of fluids
GAUS - Pinhole interferometer. Working with Fraunhofer diffraction
GE - Studying Germanium crystals, high-resolution gamma ray detectors
GOUY - Studying magnetic susceptibility. Requires reading textbook chapters
GRAN - Looks cool but requires non-linear physics. Python and ffmpeg
HALL - Semiconductor resistance under different circumstances
HENE - Analyzing the fundamental properties of a HeNe laser
HEP - All Python, no experiment
HTCK - Measuring resistance and magnetic susceptibility in a high-temperature super conductor
HTCM - Make your own high temperature superconductor. Oscilloscope
KNOT - Explore the untangling of knots after being shaken. Python
LAUE - Taking pictures of crystals
LENS - Analyzing chi-squared and aberrations of lenses
LPP - Sound propagation and dispersion within a tube. Really old software
MOS - Working with radiation and oscilloscopes
MUON - Measuring the mean lifetime of muons. Oscilloscope
NMR - Magnetic moment of the proton. Oscilloscope
O3M - Going outside and measuring ozone with a cheap instrument
OPMI - Looking through an optical microscope. No write up
OPT - Analyzing optical tweezers, precise instruments primarily used in biological physics
PXR - Scattering a collimated X-ray beam on powders and lattices
QIE - Entanglement and non-locality with lasers. Technical equipment
RAM - Measure the frequencies of some vibrational modes using Raman scattering
RB - Rubidium optical pumping. I don't really understand the theory
RES - Electrical resistivity and superconductors
SCH - Visualizing otherwise invisible flow phenomona with collimated LED light. New write up
SIL - Uses recent technology. Cool, but I don't know what it's used for
SOL - Solitary waves in a wave-maker. Python and ffmpeg analysis
SONO - Generation of light from the sound of microscopic bubbles popping. Not completely understood
SQM - Conducting experiments with a super sensitive magnetometer. No experimental write up, oscilloscope
STM - Look at things with a tunneling microscope. Says it's hard on the manual
WTK - Weather simulations using particles in a water tank
XRF - Activation of fluorescent light with x-rays. Oscilloscope

Ideas:
- One non-linear lab. They sound cool, and they're programming heavy
- One optics lab. I'm familiar with lasers, and spectroscopy is important
- One climate physics lab(?). I enjoy the topic
  - My supervisor could be Tahir Shaaran
